hey it's another week well hey let's go
on let's take this week and ace it
totally yeah so the end of term is fast
approaching this time in two weeks time
I will be home it's just so scary I feel
like I've literally just arrived and I'm
going home soon Oh God
everyone's like calculating like the
fraction of how like that's how I'm in
Cambridge like after if you do three
years and you'll have done 1/9 of your
time Cambridge that is quite scary I
feel like I don't know anywhere near
enough after that time but yeah I've got
some revisions during the holidays so
I'm sure I'll enjoy that but yeah I am
looking forward to getting home as
everyone's looking forward to going home
like it's what's that point I was like
think of Christmas in the holidays so
I'm due for to go home but it's Knox I
don't like I am having a great time here
and I are we looking forward to the next
I'll starting I'm just looking thing I'm
looking forward to it's probably not
just the place but just being able to
steep I can't wait to sleep I'm just
gonna sleep straight for a few days when
I get home that is my plan so they'll be
good yes this evening I am doing some
lovely physics work bit of oscillations
good fun I'm slightly ahead of work this
week I know get me I'm like so proud of
myself so that's good
tomorrow I've got my first rowing race
I'm very excited for its fancy dress my
career is going pajama themed because
it's like easy and also I feel like
we're a dressing-gown and I'm gonna be
nice and warm and snuggly
I love my dressing I'm taking this one
thanks I didn't want to ruin it so I
wouldn't go like one from crime on
today's I'd be happy to we're out on the
river so yeah very exciting times I've
got to get back to my physics now so I
get it done this evening hopefully
thanks Chris
there not be really a head of work so
yeah bye
[Music]
let's make sure we're all pushing at the
same time Wednesday evening and guess
mood ring I just took a look behind the
worship in this evening so I was very
funny and I was like right
I'm going home and just over weeks I say
I say I'm yet free just take my spot
here is what should I need that just
tonight so I feel better of it a little
wash it was pretty cool we found as far
as
[Music]
lovely the you andreas it's good because
I'm gonna get work done Wild West my
laundry it's gonna force the staff I'm
not going to bed while I wait for it to
finish
[Music]
focused and weeks
had a very noticed
[Music]
exciting things planned this week but
lots of full dinners and
it's bleach myths which is Cambridge
Christmas
on the 25th November we don't see
croissant on the staircase
I don't know what to get by passing
yeah looking forward to a secret from
some exchanges
I mean that Christmassy made all the
Christmas lights out
my little dream will now get back to
work and it feels that too late
then
[Music]
I'm doing to go to ones efficiency
so it turned out that using the lid of
this as a suit for my powder was not
such a good idea since then I don't even
see their little weight in long time
I regret it so much but back when I was
like I start a new betta laundry I
didn't realize that that would be such a
mistake but now
I'll get my parents to buy me some new
stuff hold this I've now got this Cup as
a stupe
so you've upgraded wolf car if you're
interested yeah now I know bad news my
favorite mug has a chip it's my Buddha
mark and it's new because my mom broke
my or dawn no what you want is chipped
sad times my washing is now done it is
only 9:30 any 9:30 we're still cool it's
good tumble dry some of it now and then
yeah I haven't done much we're done I'm
just so tired this evening
nice one watch The Apprentice well I'm
actually caught up with the apprentice I
am loving the apprentice my favorite TV
show so okay so tonight's episode can be
like a treat
some of the time
so I mean West Cambridge I've just
finished my last physics practical of
time and that building behind me this is
the bike shed where I'm just getting my
vibe from they just gave me a cremator
so that's good it's only like five
o'clock and it's really dark I hate I
hate the winter so much yeah now I'm
going back to calf
I've gots to do this evening because
I've got fun things and over the next
two days that I won't be doing work what
during so just get work done today but
yeah last is its practical went smoothly
it's supposed to be a little one but I
finished like before those of people
which is so unlike me and such as they
work that's as good
yeah
[Music]
happy birthday
goodbye panic like keep going
[Music]
you
so behind me here I have the set going
on which is really quite a great set
we've been going through night on margin
into McDonald's as well sadly I'm not
part of the stash it's fine and I'm
going to back down
[Music]
[Applause]
you
I've been very busy racing this morning
as you might be able to tell but
literally I am crazy I can't feel my
face
- pasta - Walmart get cookie I skipped
lunch because I was racing and then
master day and the next
I was a Finnish washer so I was like
right just pop keep it in here or you
wait because they will cut it roll along
the river calm and then wait go back
so today's race is like look it was 2.7
okay and it was like a Time Trial thing
along the river cam it was really good
fun there we came third in the and the
novice woman second division which
Berkeley's we've had we had people who
like that should be subbed in like less
than a week before the race so it's
actually really decent so so much fun my
voice was so hoarse after from all the
shouting but such a good time it has
been snowing or not today I went to
collect my physics lab but this morning
and had to cycle over to West Cambridge
which is about I mean a 15 20 minute
cycle there and then a 15 30 minutes I
go back so it's quite a long cycle but
it was snowing so I was really happy
about that and then it was snowing well
as Marshall thinks it was good normal I
was racing though it would have been
interesting and doing a rowing race in
listen it was like smooth lots of snow
but it was
so it's his snowing in Chapel Nicole and
you can see the prison it's so exciting
this is Christmas right here Oh snowball
fights are happening
you
good morning it is what day is it today
Friday morning it's my last full day in
Cambridge this term sometimes I am at my
limit marshalling fabulous the very race
day to this today is that seniors racing
so I'm gonna see some good seems here's
the river in front of me I am in my
position I just gonna like note I like a
junior so trusting me with the easy job
it's go check write down the order the
crews come past and if like this with
any overtake if I see any overtakes
write it down or any obstructions you
get the general gist but I feel like
they'll be coming down here at quite
speed because it's quite a street here
so that's got to be quite exciting to
watch and of course I can cheer for
Jesus as they go past say you know
actually feeling ok I've got loads of
layers on literally tons of jumps on so
I'm not cold at the minute
touch wood touch wood touch touch wood
event I've kind of moved my position a
little bit taken it upon myself to do
that because as a bench here so I mean I
supposed to be another station up there
but I haven't seen anyone here so no
time sure my exact vision I think I'm
just about that but see in the yellow
burp so maybe they're heading this way
just like me also I'm just gonna chill
here for a while huh it's very nice
no not really at all it's actually
freezing it was it was full-on snowing
last night in yesterday evening it was
like those snow on the ground and yeah
it was really pretty it was fun it was
like breathing I went out to loaders
last night and yeah the back was painful
like it was freezing
I'm just mmm mmm not a good experience I
just hate this weather like honestly
stay cold no it's ten minutes later the
race hasn't started yet it's cold I love
a hungry I should have brought snacks
I just want food
Hey so it is well it's the early hours
of Saturday morning so that means I'm
going home today
now I'm feeling sad I'm feeling a Boosh
because I had such a great time yeah
Sarge
I'm not seeing everyone for six weeks oh
but yeah I'm gonna have a good Christmas
a nice relaxing Christmas so that's good
I have been had a fabulous day so after
recovering from this morning some very
cold marshaling experience I've had a
super vision meeting with my doors tying
tying up everything at the end of term
and then my evening was the Grand Boat
Club dinner I just got back from I've
just been dressed for that I say yeah
there's drinks reception then a very
fancy dinner what she should hope so
considering the price who's here it was
quite pricey but it was worth it and and
then a boat he bought as well just came
back from that they have also knopf two
spoons I decided no my bed was cooling
but yeah it's it's been a great evening
yeah I just concluded a great time it's
just crazy to think how like eight weeks
ago I just I knew no one I was so
nervous and wasn't just arriving and now
I've completed a full time get me get me
yeah my dad is arriving early tomorrow
morning
so I need to well my room is not packed
this is the state of it it's a absolute
tip and this needs to be cleared by
midday tomorrow necessarily I'm supposed
to be out of the room by midday my room
it runs out it and because they are
using my room over the holidays to like
have interview candidates Tara and then
people who visit for conferences will
stay in the room you know like we
thought people staying in my room it's
definitely my room now yes I'm good
clear my stuff back in the car and head
home tomorrow yeah I've already said my
goodbyes call loyalty for a lot of
people have left today I'll say my final
goodbyes good tomorrow
head home it's cool I'll be back and
I'll be back in six weeks time no it's
fine yeah I'm gonna get some sleep
I'm girl just CFO did I should I
continue packing now it's too late
I need to go to bed my dad can help me
pack everything we'll do a quick packing
job
we'll just chuck it all in yeah good
night
so I have packed up my room it's now
empty I'm ready to go so just leaving
Jesus College they're off home
well hey yeah goodbye Cambridge it's
been a great time see you in six weeks
time